sacred is max of 92 usd with the huawei
e5 776 mobile internet hotspot the device
It can be changed and gsm and is in principle
available
the network operators or the dealers
I have to order and then come
it is also in germany on the market
the device around we forward here
symbol so a small display like us
already know it from 57 5 331 so
from the umts hotspot and no real
display in the sense
then we have a few keys here
to the stick in principle , I'm on
the side because we have a micro sd
slot the power button and the sim
card slot for normal standard sim
cards on this page is nothing
Here we have a connection for
external antennas probably ts 9 den
Micro USB connection for charging
probably you can not do that
connecting from the modem so use
you can not surf it but
only via wlan
there we have the wps button for fast
encryption here still where you have one
lasche can do it and here it is again
Nothing
You can not change the battery
how many milliampers has the
I do not know
I guess about 3000 like
also with the e 589 from the predecessor
just can not turn on that
is probably no battery in there what you can
else say
You can use up to ten devices with the
Connect 5776 and that 's it
within 15 seconds ready to go
If you turn it on in the amount of
15 seconds you are on the internet
besides, you can lte up to 150
megabit in the download category 4
use that is he is unique and
there are only these devices
test network are possible up to 84 megabits
theoretically it is practical in
Germany but not yet available
this 84 megawatts and is also questionable
whether that in germany on the market
So much comes to huawei e5 76 and me
Thank you for seeing this